So before we move on into another section let's see what other articles customisations we can make into
this shop page and this one is more related.
Well the friend the French the place that we have in this page if you remember in previous videos we
added these photos and we saw that start from provides the friend Gilgit area and actually killing a
pigeons widgets.
We have these cyber.
You can see that the side about is printing a lot of stuff that is more related to the block.
So what all of that is and I'm going to show you they will combers widgets you can add into your web
site remove everything.
So if you scroll a little you will find these will.
All of these that will combers our widgets that will enhance your website.
So for example my favorite is this one commerce league get a nap.
It's already going up and these into this Aiwass you can change the title to this US Title Fight right.
Then we have this attribute size.
If you remember those attributes we added as size for the bed that was same size.
And you can edit these sorry Wes on the other page configure terms.
You can see that we have added large medium or song and I say these end up in the front end.
You can see that we have the right and we can filter by large medium or small.
So if you have more arms and more attributes you will have more of the bands feel they are mettled right
on the right.
And that's something really nice something that will comer's really provides for you.
You can make some changes.
For example this is that if you have more attributes you will have the ability to change between different
attributes.
But as you can change from my problem.
So you can save these are low lit up language Look ladies.
So this is something nice.
This is by far my favorite.
Where did that come seam with commers.
So what are going to collapse these.
And for example you can either cut open a widget and you cannot got up and caveated the cart is empty.
If you when you can say this and reload and you can see that we have the cart right here.
So for example you can reorder these Housel and load.
You can see now the god is on the top so this functionality is added by all comers.
Again that's another one is for example at the product categories like this one and then say button
at the widget.
You can see why both categories save these and reload categories right.
So let's have another one.
We have the probes search.
If you wanna search on only you can use these when I do on the top.
And Bruhl search.
There is something nice about this search is that let's say these up in these if you have a ready in
their blood we are at three entries.
So for example this one space is final word this word no.
For example web Nolla and you can see that we didn't find any results but if I open this search that
comes with we'll come up with wordpress.
It's up and is one in same these relo skilless Shubham.
Now you can the search and product set and you can make a set for moonlight.
Again this will find the right for the block.
But using the product search search only for brokes in my opinion if we had in there in the shop page
it's a good idea to only display the products that you can control these cutesy essays and I'm going
to show you in upcoming medius.
So let's.
And you can see that we can add drugs pro-tax newcomer's brogues you can add these to the widget use
here.
You can select day are many pros you want to print and show the ropes and everything.
And I think what we're going to use these about in there for food out at the in England that I can still
write up roadblocks and everything what going to save these and reload and then you can see that will
cause some problems right here.
So this is looking nice.
Thanks to these widgets you can have more functionality to your online store.
So let's see how you can hide this.
For example I went to high search and you can expect this and you will find this is search for.
So you can copy these I.D. on the style.
You can have something like search for and we're going to display non.
And that's when I have a comma and then when I hide the other one by default both are going to be added
companies in either Gomer's products.
And then relo
so you can see that we remove both of them.
If you take a look here we can see in the body we have a bunch of different classes.
So for example you can use one of these.
You can see that we have this page so we can copy these and Basie's right here.
And then we can copy these the display.
Block.
Save these and reload and then you can see we have the products that each If you click one of these
products you can see that we have product search because also this one is just in this class with commerce
page all the pages that commerce creates are going to be use in this class and you can see that we're
printing these.
So for example if I open the block I want to grab the sanctuary here and is one the search.
So you can greatly inspect and you can see that we have what would you can see we can use this block
so you can not comment right here.
BLOCK And search for and display block.
These And you can see we have the search.
So this is how you can control the BCBG of the widgets and also just so how you can work with widgets
in your web site.
They are really powerful and they come ready the comer's.